Welcome to this course module now for this course we use to Selye and I strongly recommend using the
Seelye to be honest.
Well it has some issues and might have the occasional bug.
It is a great tool and it makes starting with angular and managing your angle project so much easier.
Still it might be interesting to know how you can set up your own develop and the words flow your own
project from scratch.
And this is what I'm doing here.
So I start with an empty folder.
Besides my good ignore file here and now we will use this folder to create our own angler from scratch
using WePay.
So let's start with this in the next lecture.